Instructions for Noetic fcl dependency in source install (#517)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: install/source/index.markdown

            pip3 install git+https://github.com/catkin/catkin_tools.git
        </code>
    </div>

>     Then re-run <span class="ros-command">catkin config</span>.</p>

Reviewer: This doesn't look right in a couple markdown viewers I tried.  :(  Is that normal?

e.g.
https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit.ros.org/blob/7344451001b2a76e161bff15c7d497b7d268e766/install/source/index.markdown

Reviewer: I guess so, master branch looks the same way

Author: Yea, it's html.  I don't understand how it works but it does.  You can see that if you build the website locally.

>     <p><b>Note October 2020</b> For Noetic there is currently an issue with the dependency <a href="https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/pull/2359">fcl</a> and the solution is to use the package in ros-testing:

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't talk about an issue:
```suggestion
    <p><b>Note October 2020</b> Until the next ROS release sync, you will need to install ros-noetic-fcl manually from the ros-testing repositories:
```
If possible, we should link to the discourse page, announcing the sync...
Not sure, the _temporary_ status of that issue justifies the effort for this workaround.

Author: Ok, good point.  I'm drafting the discourse post about this release I plan on posting after we finish getting moveit in ros-testing.  I'll accept this change and then fix up this to point to the release anouncement where I'll make meantion of the need to do this.

    <div class="bash-command">
        <code>
            sudo sh -c 'echo "deb http://packages.ros.org/ros-testing/ubuntu $(lsb_release -sc) main" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/ros-latest.list'<br/>
            sudo apt update<br/>

>             sudo apt install ros-noetic-fcl<br/>

Reviewer: i verified that these install commands work  :+1:
